# equipment intended for players level 2

[item]
id=12
name=Cloth Shirt
INCLUDE items/base/armor/cloth/chest.txt
quality=high
price=70
abs=4
bonus=hp,40

[item]
id=13
name=Cloth Shirt
INCLUDE items/base/armor/cloth/chest.txt
quality=high
price=60
abs=4
bonus=hp_regen,20

[item]
id=14
name=Cloth Pants
INCLUDE items/base/armor/cloth/legs.txt
quality=high
price=50
abs=1
bonus=avoidance,4

[item]
id=15
name=Cloth Pants
INCLUDE items/base/armor/cloth/legs.txt
quality=high
price=60
abs=3
bonus=poise,8

[item]
id=16
name=Cloth Sandals
INCLUDE items/base/armor/cloth/feet.txt
quality=high
price=30
bonus=avoidance,2

[item]
id=17
name=Cloth Sandals
INCLUDE items/base/armor/cloth/feet.txt
quality=high
price=20
abs=2
bonus=poise,4

[item]
id=18
name=Cloth Gloves
INCLUDE items/base/armor/cloth/hands.txt
quality=high
price=30
bonus=crit,2

[item]
id=19
name=Cloth Gloves
INCLUDE items/base/armor/cloth/hands.txt
quality=high
price=20
bonus=accuracy,4

[item]
id=20
name=Cloth Hood
INCLUDE items/base/armor/mage/head.txt
quality=high
price=40
abs=1
bonus=mp,8

[item]
id=21
name=Cloth Hood
INCLUDE items/base/armor/mage/head.txt
price=30
abs=1
bonus=mp_regen,4

[item]
id=22
name=Dagger
INCLUDE items/base/weapons/melee/dagger.txt
quality=high
price=80
dmg_melee=10,30
requires_stat=physical,4
bonus=dmg_melee_min,5
bonus=dmg_melee_max,5

[item]
id=23
name=Slingshot
INCLUDE items/base/weapons/ranged/slingshot.txt
quality=high
price=80
dmg_ranged=10,30
requires_stat=offense,4
bonus=dmg_ranged_min,5
bonus=dmg_ranged_max,5

[item]
id=24
name=Wand
INCLUDE items/base/weapons/magic/wand.txt
quality=high
price=80
dmg_ment=10,30
requires_stat=mental,4
bonus=dmg_ment_min,5
bonus=dmg_ment_max,5

[item]
id=25
name=Wood Buckler
INCLUDE items/base/shields/wood.txt
quality=high
abs=0,10
requires_stat=defense,2
price=60
bonus=absorb_min,5
bonus=absorb_max,5

[item]
id=26
name=Fire Ring
INCLUDE items/base/rings/gold_5.txt
quality=high
price=100
bonus=fire_resist,10

[item]
id=27
name=Ice Ring
INCLUDE items/base/rings/silver_4.txt
quality=high
price=100
bonus=ice_resist,10

[item]
id=28
name=Lightning Ring
INCLUDE items/base/rings/silver_5.txt
quality=high
price=100
bonus=lightning_resist,10

[item]
id=29
name=Experience Ring
INCLUDE items/base/rings/silver_2.txt
quality=high
price=100
bonus=xp_gain,5

[item]
id=30
name=Wealth Ring
INCLUDE items/base/rings/gold_2.txt
quality=high
price=100
bonus=currency_find,5

[item]
id=31
name=Treasure Ring
INCLUDE items/base/rings/gold_4.txt
quality=high
price=100
bonus=item_find,5

